Task 0 : Explain what you are doing/ going to accomplish 

We are going to create a python server for a comic book website.



Task 1: Sketch interface design 

Draft a rough design for the interface that allows the user to trigger functionality in task 1, while also annotating where the information in task 2 will be displayed. Create another sketch listing the interface widgets used to create the interface. 

N/A



Task 2: Identify any classes required 

Explain what the class will represent, plus listing what information will be stored in the class and any functions the class will have. 

Class for the Comics we're using

name and amount 
-used for comics


Task 3: Identify information to be displayed 

What information will the interface need to display to the user? 

N/A


Task 4: Identify user inputs 

What program functions can the user trigger through the interface? 

N/A


Task 5: Identify any constants or existing data if required 

N/A


Task 6: Identify indexed data structures  

The list of test data will be:
	Super Dude - Starting with 8 in stock 

	Lizard Man - Starting with 12 in stock 

	Water Woman - Starting with 3 in stock 	



Task 7: Determine what calculations are necessary 

Write out the calculations the program will have to compute. 

N/A



Task 8: Develop a modular structure for your program 

Only function needed is __init__ for our class

Describe any functions that the computer program will have, identifying any sub-functions where required.  



Task 9: Define the functions identified 

Describe the functions for both the main program and any classes in terms of input and/or output where required. You may choose to do this with flow charts or pseudo-code (not Python code!). Add in additional steps or explanations using sequential, conditional, iterative statements where required. Identify global and/or local variables. 

IMPORT run, route, view, get, post, FROM bottle
IMPORT count FROM itertools

CLASS Comic: 
	PROGRAM __init__: pass self, name, stock
		SET self.id to next self._ids
		SET self.comic_name to name
		SET self.comic_amount to stock
	END

	SET LIST to comics
		Comic is set to Super Dude, 8 
		Comic is set to Lizard Man, 12 
		Comic is set to Water Woman, 3 

		
run(host='0.0.0.0', port = 8080, reloader=True, debug=True)
		


Task 10: Address any relevant implications such as usability, functionality, legal/ethical requirements. 

Comments will be added to my code to make it easier to read and easier for other developers to understand it.



Task 11: Document test cases for testing the program 

Document any testing that can be used to test your program. If any input is inputted using the keyboard, describe the expected input, plus any exceptional, boundary or invalid cases. 

Code runs. Cant test further as we havent created the UI for the website yet

Task 12: Refine the plan 

Note any modifications here when iterating through the development cycles. 

Task 13: Document testing 

Show screenshots of your program working with descriptions of each image. These images should test the tests cases listed above. 